### Referral Partner Program Signup

<div id="wizard" class="swMain" markdown="1">
* [<label class="stepNumber">1</label> <span class="stepDesc">Step 1  
   <small>Create an account</small></span>](#step-1)
* [<label class="stepNumber">2</label> <span class="stepDesc">Step 2  
   <small>Complete RAA</small></span>](#step-2)
* [<label class="stepNumber">3</label> <span class="stepDesc">Step 3  
   <small>Complete NDA</small></span>](#step-3)
* [<label class="stepNumber">4</label> <span class="stepDesc">Step 4  
   <small>Complete profile</small></span>](#step-4)
* [<label class="stepNumber">5</label> <span class="stepDesc">Step 5  
   <small>Provide W9</small></span>](#step-5)

<div id="step-1" markdown="1">
## Create An Account   {#create-an-account}
{: .StepTitle}

Please visit the account creation page on our store and make your
account first.

<span style="font-weight: bold; color: #FF6600;">This will open a new
window. When finished, close the window to return here and continue
with the</span><span style="font-style: italic;"><span
style="font-weight: bold; color: #FF6600;">Next</span></span><span
style="font-weight: bold; color: #FF6600;">ÿbutton.</span>

[Create an account][1]{: target="_blank" .art-button}

</div>
<div id="step-2" markdown="1">
## Complete Referral Agent Agreement   {#complete-referral-agent-agreement}
{: .StepTitle}

<textarea rows="31" style="width: 100%;" readonly="readonly">
DidItBetter Softwareâ¢ Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent Agreement
THIS AGREEMENT (the \"Agreement\') is made by and between Advantage
International, Inc. (DBA: DidItBetter Software, hereinafter
\"DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE\") and (hereinafter \"Authorized Affiliate
Referral Agent\"). WITNESSETH: WHEREAS, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE is in the
business of providing software products; and WHEREAS, Authorized
Affiliate Referral has certain business relationships and access to
business customers who may be desirous of purchasing Diditbetter.com and
or OpenDoor Software and marketing software; and WHEREAS, DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE has agreed to engage Authorized Affiliate Referral pursuant to
the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the mutual premises, covenants and warranties which
appear below, and intending to be legally bound thereby, the parties
hereby agree as follows: ARTICLE I: UNDERTAKING OF THE PARTIES 1.1.
Acceptance. Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent acceptance of these
terms and conditions shall be indicated by any of the following,
whichever first occurs: (a) Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent written
acknowledgment hereof , (b) Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent receipt
of any license for software or services provided (the âProductsâ),
(c) Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent failure to acknowledge or reject
their terms and conditions in writing within 30 business days from
invoice date, or (d) any other act or expression of acceptance by
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent . Authorized Affiliate Referral
Agent acceptance is expressly limited to the terms and conditions hereof
in their entirety without addition, modification or exception and any
term, condition, or proposal hereafter submitted by (whether oral or in
writing) which is inconsistent with or in addition to the terms and
conditions set forth hereon is objected to and is hereby rejected by
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. DIDITBETTER Software silence or failure to respond
to any such subsequent term, condition or proposal shall not be deemed
to be DIDITBETTER Software acceptance or approval thereof. 1.2.
Formation. DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE hereby appoints Authorized Affiliate
Referral on a non-exclusive basis to actively sell and promote the use
of DIDITBETTER Software to Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent customers
(hereinafter, \"Customer and/or End User\"). 1.3. Authority of
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent. Authorized Affiliate Referral
hereby agrees to actively sell and promote the use of DIDITBETTER
Software to its end users. DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE requires that the
software be referred by the Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent at the
Suggested Retail Price (SRP) as listed online at www.DidItBetter.com.
DidItBetter Software Authorized Affiliate Referral is not authorized to
sell solutions higher than published SRP. Authorized Affiliate Referral
shall have no right to enter into a contract on DIDITBETTER Software
Agent behalf. 1.4. Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent Authorizations.
Authorized Affiliate Referral shall secure and maintain, at its sole
expense, all licenses and permits required by federal, state or
municipal law or regulation for its and its employees, agents or other
representatives, to ensure Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent lawful
performance of this Agreement. ARTICLE II: COLLECTION, DELIVERY, AND
PRODUCT RETURN 2.1. Billing and Collection. Authorized Affiliate
Referral Agent is not required to purchase any products from
Diditbetter.com DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE has two partner programs, the
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent, and an Authorized Diditbetter.com
reseller. This agreement only covers the Authorized Affiliate Referral
Agent Program. Activation keys will be issued to end users when payment
for solutions is received and the sale is considered final. Commissions
are paid to the Authorized Affiliate Referral in a manner and a
timeframe as set forth herein. 2.2. Authorized Affiliate Referral
Discounts. Authorized Affiliate Referral is entitled to Authorized
Affiliate Referral Commissions as set forth in Exhibit A. These
discounts are passed to the Authorized Affiliate Referral Contact only.
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE reserves the right to modify the Authorized
Affiliate Referral Discount schedule at any time provided that such
modification will not impact sales already submitted by Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent and will honor any discounted pricing for any
items which increase during the time of the Referral period, within 30
days of original Referral. If there is a change in price, the Authorized
Affiliate Referral will be notified at the time of purchase and given
the opportunity to modify their order. Any pending orders or quotes in
our system will be honored at the rates in effect at the time of the
quote, if it is dated within 30 days of price change. For such
modification, email shall be an acceptable form of communication. 2.3.
Delivery. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, delivery shall be made
electronically, downloaded from the www.diditbetter.com site in
accordance with DIDITBETTER Software policy in effect on the date of
download. Licensing is subject to the payment provisions set forth
herein and to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE receipt from Authorized Affiliate
Referral of all necessary information and documentation from Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent , including all import certificates, license
and other documents as may required from Authorized Affiliate Referral
for export of the Product. Authorized Affiliate Referral shall promptly
notify DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE no later than 7 days from invoice date, of
any claimed shortages or rejection as to any licensed product. Such
notice shall be in writing and shall be reasonably detailed stating the
grounds for any such rejection. 2.4. Product Returns. Return of Products
purchased hereunder, because such Products are claimed to be defective,
shall be governed by DIDITBETTER Software Product Return policies at any
time. All sales are final on any software licenses, upgrade assurance,
add ons, and support programs once the key has been issued to unlock the
software. No refunds or returns once DidItBetter Software solution(s)
and services are purchased and a license key has been sent. The reason
for this policy is DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE offers a timed, fully functional
trial version available for Authorized Affiliate Referral and End User
to download, install and fully test the product in advance to make sure
it fits the needs of End User and Authorized Affiliate Referral may
receive email support on the product prior to purchasing. Although
DIDITBETTER Software policies may permit Authorized Affiliate Referral
to return Products claimed to be defective under certain circumstances,
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE makes no representations or warranties of any kind
with respect to the Products. DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTY. The right to return defective products, as
previously described, shall constitute DIDITBETTER Software sole
liability and Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent exclusive remedy in
connection, warranty, negligence or other tort, breach of any statutory
duty, principles of indemnity or contribution, or otherwise. Any
commissions paid for any account which we accept as a return will not be
paid, or will be debited against further Referral Commissions. ARTICLE
III: TERM OF AGREEMENT 3.1. Term; Renewal. This Agreement shall commence
on the date that DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE confirms acceptance of the
Agreement by notifying the Authorized Affiliate Referral of said
acceptance via e-mail and may be terminated by either party at any time
in writing. ARTICLE IV: MARKETING AND SALES SUPPORT 4.1 DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE Sales Support. During the term hereof, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE
shall provide Authorized Affiliate Referral with the following pre-sales
support: DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE will provide Authorized Affiliate Referral
with product information, comparison charts, and other helpful solution
information on its website and/or in PDF format available for download
from website. Authorized Affiliate Referral will also receive technical
support via email for licensed End User while licensed End User is
enrolled in an upgrade assurance program. Additional technical support
options are available for Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent who
require phone or remote administration support and are specified on the
Store website. 4.2. Trade Names And Trademarks. All trade names,
trademark or service marks owned or employed by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE,
used or employed in DIDITBETTER Software business operations, shall
remain the sole and exclusive property of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, and such
trade names, trademarks and service marks shall not be used by
Authorized Affiliate Referral without written prior permission,
submission and written approval from DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. Authorized
Affiliate Referral shall immediately discontinue any use of such marks
and names upon termination hereof. ARTICLE V: OPERATING DUTIES OF THE
PARTIES 5.1. Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent Representations.
Authorized Affiliate Referral shall make no representations, warranties,
promises, understandings, or agreements concerning DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE
or DIDITBETTER Software products and services not approved in advance by
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, nor shall Authorized Affiliate Referral represent
itself as the provider of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE products and services.
Authorized Affiliate Referral shall advise the Customer that: (a) all
products and services are to be provided by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE
pursuant to its prevailing schedule of charges; and (b) any problems or
difficulties of whatever nature concerning the products and services
must be referred directly to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. With the purchase of
a license, end users receive six months upgrade assurance which includes
6 months of email support. Extended upgrade assurance and support
programs are also available â refer to retail order form for pricing.
5.2. Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent Further Responsibilities.
Authorized Affiliate Referral shall be responsible to do the following:
(a) Act in accordance with the highest standards of honesty, integrity
and fair dealings in all dealings with such Customers. Authorized
Affiliate Referral shall not do anything which would tend to discredit,
dishonor, reflect adversely upon or in any manner injure the reputation
of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE (b) Actively sell and promote the use of
DIDITBETTER Software products and provide end-user contact information
at time of product sale; (c) Keep DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE informed of any
change in Authorized Affiliate Referral and End User contact information
including address, email, phone, and fax. (d) DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE will
offer additional end user or administrator DidIT! training services to
Authorized Affiliate Referral at 15% off corporate training prices. (e)
Optional: Enroll in a two-day Certified DidItBetter Software
Outlook/Exchange Add In and/or DidIT! Administrator training sessions to
learn how to properly install, set up and troubleshoot software issues.
ARTICLE VI: LIABILITY AND INDEMNIFICATION 6.1. Scope of Agency. This
Agreement appoints Authorized Affiliate Referral as a non-exclusive
agent for the purposes expressly stated herein and does not appoint
Authorized Affiliate Referral as DIDITBETTER Software general or special
agent and does not create a joint venture or apply to confer any status,
power or authority upon Authorized Affiliate Referral other than as
expressly set forth herein. The scope of Authorized Affiliate Referral
Agent authority is specifically limited to the minimum authority
necessary to perform the duties accepted pursuant to this Agreement.
Authorized Affiliate Referral shall make no representations as to the
policies and procedures of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE other than as
specifically authorized by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and shall be liable for
any misrepresentation made by Authorized Affiliate Referral with regard
to DIDITBETTER Software products and services. 6.2. Authorized Affiliate
Referral Agent Employees. All persons employed by Authorized Affiliate
Referral to perform Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent duties under
this Agreement are, and will remain the employees and agents of
Authorized Affiliate Referral and are not, employees or agents of
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. Authorized Affiliate Referral shall be solely
responsible for the acts and omissions of its employees and agents and
shall have sole responsibility for their supervision, direction, and
control. Authorized Affiliate Referral shall comply with all applicable
laws regarding withholding and payment of all income taxes, social
security taxes, unemployment insurance and workmen\'s compensation and
disability benefits, as well as those regarding equal employment
opportunities and safety of the workplace insofar as such concerns the
subject matter hereof. 6.3. Right to Conduct Other Business. Each party
hereto understands and acknowledges that this Agreement is
non-exclusive. This Agreement shall not in any way limit either
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent or DIDITBETTER Software\'s power and
right to contract with other persons concerning the subject matter
hereof on such terms as DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE sees fit even though such
persons, as a result, compete with Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent .
6.4. Indemnification. (a) Notwithstanding any of the provisions of this
Agreement which may be construed to the contrary, Authorized Affiliate
Referral will indemnify DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, its directors, officers,
employees, agents and representatives (\"Indemnified Parties\"), and
save them harmless from and against any and all claims, actions,
damages, consequential damages, liabilities and expenses (collectively,
\"Losses\") occasioned by any act or omission of Authorized Affiliate
Referral Agent , its directors, officers, employees, agents or
representatives, relating to the performance of its obligations
hereunder. If any of the Indemnified Parties shall, without fault on
their part, be made parties to any litigation commenced by or against
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent, then Authorized Affiliate Referral
shall protect and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless, and shall pay
all costs, expenses, and reasonable attorney\'s fees incurred or paid by
the Indemnified Parties in connection with said litigation. (b) In the
event that the litigation described in Section 6.4 hereof shall be
commenced, the Indemnified party will give immediate notice thereof to
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent. The Authorized Affiliate Referral
shall then have the option of participation in said litigation, or, at
its election, may assume all responsibilities and liabilities associated
with said litigation upon written acceptance of liability thereunder.
The Indemnified party may not settle, discount or otherwise compromise
any matter giving rise to a loss and indemnification hereunder without
the prior written consent of the other party. 6.5. Taxes. Authorized
Affiliate Referral is responsible for any Taxes arising from commissions
paid. Authorized Affiliate Referral shall be responsible for applicable
state or federal taxes, including collection of applicable state sales
and use taxes, income tax or any payment of taxes related to the
performance of Authorized Affiliate Referral product sales. 6.6. No
Warranty. WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES TO BE SOLD BY
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE TO CUSTOMERS, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE MAKES NO
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS INCLUDES LOSS
OF DATA RESULTING FROM DELAYS, NONDELIVERIES, MISDELIVERIES OR SERVICE
INTERRUPTION HOWEVER CAUSED. USE OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE NETWORK IS AT CUSTOMER\'S OWN RISK. DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY OR
QUALITY OF INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH ITS SERVICES AND SOFTWARE
PRODUCTS. 6.7. Limitation of Liability. All products purchased from
DIDITBETTER Software are subject to the terms and conditions set forth
in the manufacturerâs warranty or end-user license packaged with each
such product. DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES, INCIDENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY
WAY CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PRODUCT, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS DATA OR ANY
DAMAGES OR SUMS PAID BYAUTHORIZED AFFILIATE REFERRAL TO THE THIRD
PARTYIES, EVEN IF ADAVANTAGE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. THE FORGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILTY SHALL APPLY WHETHER ANY
CLAIM IS BASED UPON PRINCIPLES OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, OR
OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUATORY DUTY, PRINCIPLES OF INDEMNITY OR
CONTRIBUTION, THE FAILURE OF ANY LIMITED OR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY TO ACHIEVE
ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OR OTHERWISE. 6.8 Term. The term of this agreement
is one year from the date of the signed agreement. ARTICLE VII:
CONFIDENTIALITY 7.1 Confidential Information. Authorized Affiliate
Referral acknowledges and agrees that all information relating to the
business and operations of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and its subsidiaries,
affiliates, clients, agents and consultants shall be considered the
confidential information of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE (collectively,
\"Confidential Information\"). Confidential Information shall include,
without limitation, all technical, marketing and financial information,
any information relating to (a) the pricing, methods, process, financial
data, lists, apparatus, statistics, programs, research, development or
related information of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, or any of DIDITBETTER
Software Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent or clients, in each
instance concerning past, present or future business activities or
operations of said entities, and (b) the results of the provision of
services performed by you under this Agreement. Authorized Affiliate
Referral forever agrees (y) not to disclose the Confidential Information
or any part thereof to any other person or entity, and (z) not to use or
permit any use of the Confidential Information or any part thereof in
any way or manner, in each instance unless you obtain DIDITBETTER
Software prior written consent, and/or you are required by law to
disclose the Confidential Information (but only after written notice to
DIDITBETTER Software, such that DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE has a reasonable
opportunity to oppose or prevent a disclosure, and only to the extent so
required). 7.2 Declaratory Relief. Authorized Affiliate Referral
acknowledges and agrees that due to the unique nature of the
Confidential Information, there can be no adequate remedy at law for any
breach of your obligations under Section 7.1 above, that any such breach
may allow you or third parties to unfairly compete with DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE resulting in irreparable harm to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, and,
therefore, that upon any breach of Section 7.1 above, or any threat
thereof, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE shall be entitled to (a) specific
performance and other injunctive relief without the necessity of posting
a bond, in addition to whatever remedies it might have at law, and (b)
be indemnified by you from any loss or harm, including, without
limitation, attorney\'s fees, in connection with any breach or
enforcement of your obligations hereunder or the unauthorized use or
release of any such Confidential Information. Authorized Affiliate
Referral will notify DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE in writing immediately upon
the occurrence of any such unauthorized release or other such breach of
which you are aware. 7.3. Disclosure of Terms of Agreement. Neither
party hereto shall disclose the terms and conditions of this Agreement
to any person or entity without the prior written consent of the other
party. ARTICLE VIII: MISCELLANEOUS 8.1. Successors; Assignment. This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties
and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal
representatives, successors, and assigns. Authorized Affiliate Referral
may not assign this Agreement except with the prior written consent of
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. 8.2 Notices. Notices given by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE
to you may be given by e-mail, or by a general posting on our home page,
or by personal delivery or conventional mail to your last known address.
In any matter requiring DIDITBETTER Software consent, such consent will
be considered given only if made in writing by an authorized
representative of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. Notices given by you to
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE must be in writing and shall be mailed by first
class mail or overnight delivery service or personally delivered to the
following address: Advantage International Inc. / DidItBetter Software
ATTN: DidItBetter Software Authorized Affiliate Referral Program 17633
Gunn Hwy, #149, Odessa, Florida 33556 PartnerPrograms@diditbetter.com
Notices given by e-mail shall be deemed given the day they are mailed,
notices given by a general posting on our web site shall be deemed given
on the day they are posted. All other notices shall be effective the
earlier of three days from the date of mailing or upon receipt. 8.3.
Integration. This Agreement supercedes any other agreements and
represents the entire agreement and understanding between DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE and Authorized Affiliate Referral as to the nature of our
cooperative sales activities. Subject to section 8.10, no waiver,
alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement
shall be binding unless in writing and signed by a duly authorized
representative of the party against which enforcement of such waiver,
alteration, or modification is sought. 8.4. Governing Law. For purposes
of any and all disputes with respect to this Agreement, the parties
consent to jurisdiction and venue in either, as appropriate, (i) the
courts of the State of Florida, Hillsborough County or (ii) the Federal
courts located in Floridaâs Tampa bay area. 8.5. Representations. Each
party hereto warrants that it has full authority to enter into this
Agreement and that such action has been duly authorized in accordance
with such party\'s Articles of Incorporation, by-laws or other
applicable organizational documents and procedures. 8.5.1. Each party
hereto warrants that the execution, delivery, and performance of this
Agreement will not conflict with, result in a breach of, or cause a
default under its articles of incorporation, by-laws, Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent or joint venture agreements, or any material
agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of
its property is bound, nor will it conflict with or violate any statute,
law, rule, regulation, order, decree, or judgment of any court or
governmental authority which is binding upon it or its property. 8.5.2.
The individuals executing this Agreement further warrant that they have
the full power and authority to bind their respective entities to the
terms hereof and have been duly authorized to do so in accordance with
such entities\' corporate or other organizational documents and
procedures. 8.6. Captions, Sections. Captions contained herein are
inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit, or
extend the scope or intent of any provision hereof. Use of the term
\"Section\" shall include the entire subject Section and all its
subsections where the context requires. 8.7. Independent Business
Judgment. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that Authorized
Affiliate Referral is an independent business sufficiently sophisticated
to exercise and exercising its own business judgment. The Parties hereby
further acknowledge and agree that DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE has made no
recommendations or representations regarding any aspect of Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent business including, but not limited to
therefrom presentations with regard to Authorized Affiliate Referral
Agent profits. 8.8. Waiver. Failure or delay on the part of either party
to exercise any right, power or privilege hereunder shall not operate as
a waiver thereof. A waiver of one obligation hereunder shall not operate
as a waiver of any other obligation. A waiver by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE or
Authorized Affiliate Referral of a breach of any provision of this
Agreement by the other party shall not operate or be construed as a
waiver of any subsequent breach by the other party. 8.9. Amendments.
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE MAY CHANGE, MODIFY OR AMEND THIS AGREEMENT AT
ANYTIME BY PROVIDING NOTICE OF SUCH CHANGE, MODIFICATION OR AMENDMENT TO
MERCHANT IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 8.2. In the event DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE changes, modifies, or amends this Agreement pursuant to the
foregoing provision of this section, you may terminate this Agreement by
giving written notice thereof to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE within ten (10)
days after you receives notice of any such change, modification or
amendment and such termination shall be effective on the date such
change, modification, or amendment is to take effect, or if such change
modification, or amendment has already taken effect, such termination
shall be effective on the date such notice of termination is received by
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. ARTICLE IX: GENERAL 9.0. General. These terms and
conditions shall, upon acceptance by Authorized Affiliate Referral
Agent, constitute the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the
parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and shall supersede
all prior offers, negotiations, understandings and agreements. Unless
Authorized Affiliate Referral and DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE have executed a
master contract which specifically supersedes and replaces the terms and
conditions herein, it is expressly agreed that no prior or
contemporaneous agreement or understanding, whether written or oral,
shall contradict, modify, supplement or explain the terms and conditions
contained herein. No additional or different terms of conditions,
whether material or immaterial, shall become a part of this agreement
unless expressly accepted in writing by an authorized officer or
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. Any waiver by the DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE of one or
more of there terms and conditions or any defaults hereunder shall be
enforceable to the fullest possible extent, regardless of any partial
invalidity of unenforceability, and that no failure or delay by either
party in exercising or enforcing any right hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof or preclude any other exercise or enforcement of rights
hereunder. This agreement may not be assigned by either party without
prior written consent of the other (which shall not be unreasonable
withheld) except that DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE may assign this agreement to
any affiliate or subsidiary of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. ALL SALES
TRANSACTIONS EXCLUDE APPLICATION OF THE 1980 UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION
ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALES OF GOODS, IF OTHERWISE
APPLICABLE. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have signed this Agreement
as of the day and year first above written, and the individuals signing
below warrant that they have the authority to sign for and on behalf of
their respective parties. TRAINING and/or Support by DidItBetter: Travel
and per diem may apply. Installation and support services as well as
Customization services available â email specifications and
requirements to PartnerPrograms@diditbetter.com Exhibit A Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent Commission Pricing Schedule Standard Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent To become an authorized Affiliate Referral
Agent, Authorized Affiliate Referral must have a DidItBetter Software
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent application submitted and approved.
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent receives: - 5% CASH BACK on any
DidItBetter Software Cart which has processed \*\* The Authorized
Affiliate Referral Partner program, product and service pricing are
subject to change. If the pricing changes, and a cart was sent, the new
pricing will automatically be displayed to the user following the
referral link. If a cart was sent with prior pricing, and pricing was
changed within 30 days, we will honor the discounted price to your
clients. </textarea>

<label><input id="agree" value="" type="checkbox" />I agree</label>
{: style="float: right;"}

[Download Agreement](raa.pdf){: target="_blank" .art-button}
</div>
<div id="step-3" markdown="1">
## Complete NDA   {#complete-nda}
{: .StepTitle}

<textarea rows="31" style="width: 100%;" readonly="readonly">
Non-Disclosure Agreement This Agreement is made between Advantage
International, Inc. / DidItBetter Software (âDIDITBETTER SOFTWAREâ)
a Florida corporation, with its principle offices at 17633 Gunn Highway,
#149, Odessa, Florida 33556 USA, and (âAuthorized Affiliate Referral
Agent â). WITNESSETH WHEREAS, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent , intend to engage in general business
discussions, and WHEREAS, in the course of, or as a result of these
discussions DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE may find it necessary to reveal to
representatives of Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent , various
technical, marketing, financial, or other information which DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE considers confidential and proprietary (collectively â
Confidential Informationâ); and WHEREAS, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and
Authorized Affiliate Referral have entered into this Agreement in order
to assure the confidentiality of such Confidential Information in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in
consideration of the foregoing premises and mutual covenants and
agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 1. As
used in this Agreement, the term âConfidential Informationâ shall
mean all information disclosed to Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent ,
or known by it as a consequence of any such disclosure about trade
secrets of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE or confidential or proprietary
information relating to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE products, processes and
services, including, but not limited to, information relating to
financials, research, development, inventions, manufacture, purchasing,
engineering, marketing, merchandising and selling, whether such
information is in writing or orally disclosed. 2. Except as may
otherwise be hereafter agreed to in a written agreement or agreements
between DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent ,
Authorized Affiliate Referral agrees that it shall hold in confidence,
and shall not directly or indirectly reproduce, disclose, sell, assign,
transfer, license, lease, use or convey in any other manner, in whole or
in part such Confidential Information for any purpose other than that
for which it was disclosed and shall not exploit such Confidential
Information for its own benefit or the benefit of another without the
prior written consent of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE; nor shall such
Confidential Information be used in any way detrimental to DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE. In the event DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE discloses Confidential
Information to Authorized Affiliate Referral in the form of computer
software, Authorized Affiliate Referral further agrees not to reverse
engineer, disassemble or decompile the Confidential Information. 3.
Authorized Affiliate Referral shall disclose Confidential Information
received by it under this Agreement only to persons within its
organization who have a need to know such Confidential Information in
the course of the performance of their duties including the following,
directors, officers, or employees of Authorized Affiliate Referral who
require such material for the purposes of this Agreement, provided that
each, prior to disclosure, are bound by a signed written agreement to
protect the confidentiality of such Confidential Information. 4. The
confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations of Authorized Affiliate
Referral under this agreement will not apply with respect to any
information which: a. is or becomes public knowledge through no wrongful
act of Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent ; b. is already known to
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent ; c. is rightfully obtained by
Authorized Affiliate Referral from any third party without similar
restriction and without breach of any obligation owed to DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE International; d. is independently developed by Authorized
Affiliate Referral without reference to information provided by
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE; e. is disclosed pursuant to a lawful requirement
or request of a government agency provided Authorized Affiliate Referral
shall give DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE reasonable notice prior to such
disclosure and shall comply with any applicable protective order; or f.
is approved for release by written authorization of DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE. 5. The foregoing understanding shall also apply to any
subsequent meetings or communications between the parties relating to
disclosures by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE of any Confidential Information
unless modified in writing as to any such subsequent meetings or
communications. 6. Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent shall, upon
request of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, return to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE all
drawings, documents, exhibits, sketches, models, designs, data,
memoranda, tapes, records, products, samples and any other tangible
manifestations of Confidential Information received by Authorized
Affiliate Referral pursuant to this agreement together with all copies
or any other form of reproduction or description thereof, including
summaries, records, descriptions, modifications, copies or other
duplications. 7. Authorized Affiliate Referral acknowledges that no
remedy of law will be adequate to compensate DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE for
violation of this Agreement and Authorized Affiliate Referral agrees
that in addition to any legal or other rights that may be available to
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE in the event of a breach hereunder, DIDITBETTER
SOFTWARE may seek equitable relief to enforce this Agreement in any
court of competent jurisdiction against Authorized Affiliate Referral.
8. Authorized Affiliate Referral hereby acknowledges that all such
Confidential Information is owned solely by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE, shall
remain the exclusive property of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and constitutes
valuable trade secrets of DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and that the unauthorized
disclosure of such information by Authorized Affiliate Referral will
cause irreparable harm to DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE. 9. GENERAL: a. This
Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between
DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE International and Authorized Affiliate Referral
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may not
be modified, changed or discharged, in whole or in part, except by an
agreement in writing signed by DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and Authorized
Affiliate Referral Agent. b. This Agreement shall be binding upon
Authorized Affiliate Referral Agent , its agents, servants, employees,
successors and assignees, and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective successors and assigns; provided, however,
this Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the prior
written consent of the other parties. c. Any provision of this Agreement
which shall be found to be in conflict with any state or federal
statutes, laws, regulations and orders shall be ineffective only to the
extent of such conflict, and such conflict shall not invalidate or annul
any other provision of this Agreement not so in conflict. d. This
Agreement and all rights and obligations hereunder shall be governed and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida (excluding
its conflict of law provisions) and, to the extent applicable, the laws
of the United States. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, DIDITBETTER SOFTWARE and
Authorized Affiliate Referral have causes this Agreement to be executed
by their duly authorized representatives and delivered as their act and
deed, intending to be legally bound by its terms and provisions.
</textarea>

<label><input id="agree2" value="" type="checkbox" />I agree</label>
{: style="float: right;"}

[Download Agreement](nda.pdf){: target="_blank" .art-button}

</div>
<div id="step-4" markdown="1">
## Complete Your Profile   {#complete-your-profile}
{: .StepTitle}

Please download the Partner Profile document, fill it out and send it to
us either by fax (813-972-7986) or by scanning into a PDF and emailing
it to us at PartnerPrograms@diditbetter.com.

[Download Profile](profile.pdf){: target="_blank" .art-button}

Click <span style="font-style: italic;">Next</span>.

</div>
<div id="step-5" markdown="1">
## Provide Materials   {#provide-materials}
{: .StepTitle}

Completing your registration requires us to have a completed W9 on file
so we can make payments to you or your company. Since this is an IRS
form, it must be downloaded and sent to us either by fax (813-972-7986)
or scanned into a PDF and emailed to us at
PartnerPrograms@diditbetter.com.

In the meantime you can start making referrals as soon as your account
is enabled. We just won\'t be able to make payments to you until the W9
is on file, so please complete it and provide it to us in a timely
fashion.

[Download W9 form](w9.pdf){: target="_blank" .art-button}

##### What\'s Next?

| [![](basket.png){: width="33" height="33"}Go to the store and  
 start making referrals!][2]{: .art-button style="width: 265px;"} | [![](home.png){: width="31" height="32"}Go to the product info  
 on our main site][3]{: .art-button style="width: 265px;"} |
| [![](tool.png){: width="32" height="32"}Learn about using the  
 store for referrals](how-it-works.html#getting-started){: .art-button style="width: 265px;"} | [![](warning.png){: width="33" height="33"}Get product help on  
 our support site][4]{: .art-button style="width: 265px;"} |
{: .art-article .big border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" style="width: 100%;"}

</div>
</div>

<!-- End SmartWizard Content -->

<script type="text/javascript" src="jquery.smartWizard-2.0.js">
</script>

<script type="text/javascript">
//<![CDATA[
  $(document).ready(function(){
        // Smart Wizard         
        $('#wizard').smartWizard({includeFinishButton: false, onShowStep:showAStepCallback});
 
      function showAStepCallback(obj){
        var step_num= obj.attr('rel'); // get the current step number
        if (step_num === "2") {
          $('.buttonNext').toggleClass("buttonDisabled", !$('#agree').checked);
        }
        if (step_num === "3") {
          $('.buttonNext').toggleClass('buttonDisabled', !$('#agree2').checked);
        }
        return true;
      }

      $("#agree").click(function() { $(".buttonNext").toggleClass("buttonDisabled", !this.checked); });
      $("#agree2").click(function() { $(".buttonNext").toggleClass("buttonDisabled", !this.checked); });
  });
//]]>
</script>



[1]: https://store.diditbetter.com/signup 
[2]: http://store.diditbetter.com/login 
[3]: http://www.diditbetter.com/products.aspx 
[4]: http://support.diditbetter.com/ 
